Doc updates (#159)
open-ce/open-ce: doc/README.build_image.md

# README for build_image.py

This `build_image.py` script is used to create a runtime docker image with Open-CE
packages (generated from `build_env.py`) installed in it. This script takes two arguments
as an input - local conda channel and conda environment file which are the output of `build_env.py`
script.

For example,
```shell
    open-ce/open-ce/build_image.py --local_conda_channel=./condabuild
           --conda_env_file=open-ce-conda-env-py3.7-cuda-openmpi.yaml
```

> `local_conda_channel` is the output folder that has all the conda packages built. It has to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`local_conda_channel` is the output folder that has all of the conda packages built within it. It has to
```

be present in the directory from where this `build_image.py` script is run.

> `conda_env_file` is the conda environment file generated from build_env.py. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`conda_env_file` is the conda environment file generated from `build_env.py`. 
```

A docker image created has a conda environment that has all the packages mentioned in the 

> conda environment file, installed in it. Local conda channel being passed is also copied into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda environment file, installed in it. The local conda channel being passed is also copied into the
```

> image that enables users to create their custom environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image to enable users to create their custom environments.
```

Note that the image will not necessarily have all the Open-CE packages installed.

> The packages to be installed strictly depends on the conda environment file which is used to build image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The packages to be installed strictly depends on the conda environment file which is used to build the image.
```

> To know how conda environment file is generated and its content, please see 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how conda environment files are generated and their content, please see 
```

[`doc/README.build_env.md`](doc/README.build_env.md).

So, the ideal sequence of getting Open-CE packages built and installed in a container should be

> 1. `build_env.py` 

Reviewer 2: Shall we add one liner description too here for #1 and #2.

Something like:
1. Build packages and target conda environment file using `build_env.py`.
2. Create Docker image using `build_image.py`

Author: Yes, sounds good.
